>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So just to piggyback
on the kind of setup that we did,
the libs hold the common
things that we can share.
The apps hold our dashboards
which typically consist of
very specific thin components.
Now we had a good question over the break,
and that was where is the division
between what is considered
Angular CLI output.
How much is the Angular CLI handling,
what is the Nrwl extension
bringing to the table, and
then what is my own opinion, if you will?
So, in the app folder, or
in the apps folder,
what is generated is for
the most part an Angular CLI project.
The difference is, normal extensions
created a mechanism to have
more than one application and
common libs within a single project.
And so what you see in the apps,
in the libs folder, now,
that is definitely, Nrwl.
But for the most part,
everything that's going into your apps and
your libs is the Angular CLI.
Now, what is,
I would say considered my opinion or
things that's just strictly
Lukas is naming conventions.
So I'm gonna call this cordata,
well, that just makes sense to me.
But as you notice we
start to generate code
that a lot of that is happening in
the structure is very conventional.
Therefore, it's very consistent and
so 90% of what you are seeing,
I would say, is strictly the Angular CLI.
And then we're introducing gnarl
extensions to create that additional
layer of abstraction,
where you're gonna have multiple
applications within a single Workspace.
And that's why, for instance,
if you look in the nx.json,
that you can see, it's keeping track
actually the various projects.
Now, the Angular team, because Nrwl in
essence was created by Victor Savkin and
Jeff Cross, who were part of the Angular
core team for many, many years.
They have adopted the format or
they've updated
it the Angular CLI to
work of angular.json.
And if you look in
angular.json you notice that
there is now also a mechanism for
various projects.
And so they've kind of converse on
angular.json with the idea is that you're
allowed to have more than one project.
And so Nrwl extensions and
the Angular team because the creators
were on the Angular team.
There was a pretty, I would say seamless
transition from one to the other.
So hope that makes sense and
from here let's talk about components.
And so we've laid the foundation,
we've laid the structure,
and we have some basic,
albeit empty components.
That I would like to flesh out and
talk about this is how a component works.
And so work through a single component and
then we'll go from there.